CS 462 Sliding Window Protocol Project
By Kong (VANGKM8545@uwec.edu) and Ethan (BLANKED4046@uwec.edu)

Compile Instructions:
	1. Place swp.cpp and makefile in the same location
	2. run the command "make" 
	3. A file called swp will be generated

Usage Instructions:
	Server/Client specification is determined by launch paramaters (-s for server and -c for client) with the optional '-d' to run in debug (will produce more output that can be used to track problems)

	Server:
		1. Enter Server's host IP when prompted
		2. Enter Server's desired port when prompted
		3. Enter output file when prompted
		4. Enter situational errors (if needed) when prompted (specific instructions are provided for each type of error if errors are being used)
		5. Wait for client connection
	Client:
		1. Enter Server's host IP when prompted
		2. Enter Server's desired port when prompted
		3. Enter input file when prompted
		4. Enter packet size when prompted
		5. Enter protocol when prompted (1=Stop And Wait, 2=Go-Back-N, 3=Selective Repeat)
		6. Enter timeout (in ms) when prompted
		7. Enter situational errors (if needed) when prompted (specific instructions are provided for each type of error if errors are being used)
		8. Client will connect to the server, send the required settings, and begin the transfer
		
	After a transfer has completed:
		Server:
			1. Output the last packet sequence, number of original packets recieved, and number of retransmitted packets recieved. 
			2. md5sum will be generated and outputted for the output file
		Client:
			1. Output # of original packets sent, # of retransmitted packets sent, total transfer time (in ms), total throughput (in mbps), and effective throughput (in mbps)
			2. md5sum will be generated and outputted for the input file

Contributions
	Protocols:
		1. Stop and Wait
			- Ethan was in charge of development, Kong also had lots of input that helped progress development
		2. Go-Back-N
			- Kong was in charge of development, Ethan also had lots of input that helped progress development
		3. Selective Repeat
			- Ethan was in charge of development, Kong also had lots of input that helped progress development
	Helper Functions
		All helper functions were a combination of input from both Kobg and Ethan
		Outside Help:
			1. CRC - main function seen here: https://stackoverflow.com/a/23726131, were modified to fit out projects needs
			2. Serialize/Deserialize - main functions seen here: https://stackoverflow.com/a/20838004, were modified to fir out projects needs